then a video in the title the unboxing
of the samsung galaxy tab 4
and good is going to be a very fast video very
simple in which I'm going to teach the
things that it has inside I have seen many
unboxing that are in English and in
Spanish and seen very little why I
decided to make this video and soon I will
do
one teaching them how it's going
the characteristics that have
as a function or for example its quad core
to 12
the camera all these features
let's open it here
a son
i
it does not work
and we explain you from here
the box we're going to graze
same first thing that they are not
and a quick start guide
good thing I think that by now
nobody needs her
and the conditions of the guarantee
interesting with the jce this because
it always happens that there has been a blow
or it has gotten a bit wet, this is covered by
guarantee does not cover it good I recommend you
that the injury
let's take out the tablet and go to
leave it here
and let's see what it brings brings us nothing
are more adaptable are nothing
simply a charger that we have
all in our house to connect here
usb with this micro usb we connect these
and this to the mobile
that we can connect it to any type
site
my mobile also works everything works
technical that the other android is going to
serve then there is nothing but
this and like here
completely empty
let's move on
what is the tablet we are going to take
these stickers that are always
here for example it tells us they are are wings and
24 10 with a few inches 1 2 gigahertz
in a quad core a quad core to one like
to gigahertz
microsd that is the good thing that it carries wifi
bluetooth and android
this also forces
this sticker here
we are also going to remove it
and the truth is that the touch is very very
well I love this tractor makes a
little bit rough
It can be seen
pillar that I love like here
has the camera
and good physically it's very beautiful
this tablet the truth has here the
micro as you see here sorry here the
micro here to connect the charger
the speaker is on both sides one here
and another here
jacques 25 the one of all life we ​​go
up here we have the power + button
- volume and microusb and I'm not going to
turn it on
and here in front of the camera we are going to
understand it
do not
as I said on the spot of a video in the
that signals good as it looks
really the camera with many photos
absolutely everything could even
compare it with another room so that
see
how does it work
it's very fast it has already been unlocked but
it's already plugged in because it's configured
put our mail and all that already
I did I already put the wifi says everything
and as you see good
it is very fluid
and nothing soon I will teach you
a video like I repeat again with everything
the specific thing so we see nothing in
the next one keeps everything I hope that you
have liked to vote the video and any
Comment put it down any doubt
anything until the next